# Tarek-Shoukry--privacy-policy
Updated at 2022-07-04 <br>
Its a Privacy Policy for Tarek-Shoukry Application.<br>
The application of deputy Tarek Shoukry to receive complaints and inquiries, which are answered through a specialized work team to follow up and respond to the inquiries of citizens working in the two departments. and provide news about deputy Tarek Shoukry.



Eng/Tarek-Shoukry App.("we," "our," or "us") is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how your personal information is collected, used, and disclosed by Radio FG Broadcast.
This Privacy Policy applies to our application named Eng/Tarek-Shoukry App, and its associated subdomains (collectively, our "Service").
By accessing or using our Service, you signify that you have read, understood, and agree to our collection, storage, use, and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service.

<h1> Definitions and key terms </h1> 
For this Privacy Policy:
Cookie: small amount of data generated by a website and saved by your web browser. It is used to identify your browser, provide analytics, remember information about you such as your language preference or login information.
Company: when this policy mentions “Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our,” it refers to Radio FG Broadcast that is responsible for your information under this Privacy Policy.
Country: where Eng/Tarek-Shoukry App or the owners/founders of Eng/Tarek-Shoukry App are based, in this case is Saudi Arabia.
Customer: refers to the company, organization or person that signs up to use the Eng/Tarek-Shoukry App Service to manage the relationships with your consumers or service users.
Device: any internet connected device such as a phone, tablet, computer or any other device that can be used to visit Eng/Tarek-Shoukry App and use the services.
IP address: Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet.
Personnel: refers to those individuals who are employed by Eng/Tarek-Shoukry App or are under contract to perform a service on behalf of one of the parties.
Personal Data: any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
Service: refers to the service provided by Eng/Tarek-Shoukry App as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this platform.
Third-party service: refers to advertisers, contest sponsors, promotional and marketing partners, and others who provide our content or whose products or services we think may interest you.
You: a person or entity that is registered with Eng/Tarek-Shoukry App to use the Services.

<br><br>

<h1> Information automatically collected </h1> 
There is some information like your Internet Protocol (IP) address and/or browser and device characteristics — is collected automatically when you visit our platform. This information may be used to connect your computer to the Internet. Other information collected automatically   could be a login, e-mail address, password, computer and connection information such as browser plug-in types and versions and time zone setting, operating systems and platforms, purchase history, (we sometimes aggregate with similar information from other Users), the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) clickstream to, through and from our Website that may include date and time; cookie number; parts of the site you viewed or searched for; and the phone number you used to call our Customer Services. We may also use browser data such as cookies, Flash cookies (also known as Flash Local Shared Objects) or similar data on certain parts of our Website for fraud prevention and other purposes. During your visits, we may use software tools such as JavaScript to measure and collect session information including page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page. We may also collect technical information to help us identify your device for fraud prevention and diagnostic purposes.
We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use or navigate the platform. This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about who and when you use our and other technical information. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our , and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.

<br> <br>

<h1> How Do We Use The Information We Collect?</h1> 
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our service (we continually strive to improve our service offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To process transactions
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To send periodic emails

<br> <br>

<h1> Do we share the information we collect with third parties? </h1> 
We may share the information that we collect, both personal and non-personal, with third parties such as advertisers, contest sponsors, promotional and marketing partners, and others who provide our content or whose products or services we think may interest you. We may also share it with our current and future affiliated companies and business partners, and if we are involved in a merger, asset sale or other business reorganization, we may also share or transfer your personal and non-personal information to our successors-in-interest.
We may engage trusted third party service providers to perform functions and provide services to us, such as hosting and maintaining our servers and our service, database storage and management, e-mail management, storage marketing, credit card processing, customer service and fulfilling orders for products and services you may purchase through our platform. We will likely share your personal information, and possibly some non-personal information, with these third parties to enable them to perform these services for us and for you.
We may share portions of our log file data, including IP addresses, for analytics purposes with third parties such as web analytics partners, application developers, and ad networks. If your IP address is shared, it may be used to estimate general location and other technographics such as connection speed, whether you have visited the service in a shared location, and type of device used to visit the service. They may aggregate information about our advertising and what you see on the service and then provide auditing, research and reporting for us and our advertisers.
We may also disclose personal and non-personal information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate in order to respond to claims, legal process (including subpoenas), to protect our rights and interests or those of a third party, the safety of the public or any person, to prevent or stop any illegal, unethical, or legally actionable activity, or to otherwise comply with applicable court orders, laws, rules and regulations.

<br> <br>

<h1> Where and when is information collected from customers and end users? </h1> 
We will collect personal information that you submit to us. We may also receive personal information about you from third parties as described above.

<br> <br>

<h1> Affiliates </h1> 
We may disclose information (including personal information) about you to our Corporate Affiliates. For purposes of this Privacy Policy, "Corporate Affiliate" means any person or entity which directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control with us, whether by ownership or otherwise. Any information relating to you that we provide to our Corporate Affiliates will be treated by those Corporate Affiliates in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.

<br> <br>

<h1> Kids' Privacy </h1> 
We do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from our servers.

<br> <br>

<h1> Changes To Our Privacy Policy </h1> 
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.

<br> <br>

<h1> Tracking Technologies </h1> 
Local Storage
Local Storage sometimes known as DOM storage, provides web apps with methods and protocols for storing client-side data. Web storage supports persistent data storage, similar to cookies but with a greatly enhanced capacity and no information stored in the HTTP request header.










